California love!

[Chorus]
California, knows how to party
California, knows how to party
In the city of L.A.
In the city of good ol' Watts
In the city, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin! We keep it rockin!

[Dr. Dre]
Now let me welcome everybody to the wild, wild west
A state that's untouchable like Elliot Ness
The track hits ya eardrum like a slug to ya chest
Pack a vest for your Jimmy in the city of sex
We in that sunshine state with a bomb ass hemp beat
The state where ya never find a dance floor empty
And pimps be on a mission for them greens,
Lean mean money-makin-machines serving fiends
I been in the game for ten years making rap tunes
Ever since honeys was wearing Sassoon
Now it's '95 and they clock me and watch me
Diamonds shinin', lookin' like I robbed Liberace
It's all good, from Diego to the Bay
Your city is the bomb if your city making pay
Throw up a finger if ya feel the same way
Dre putting it down for
Californ-I-a

[Chorus]
California (California) knows how to party (knows how to party!)
California (west coast) knows how to party (yes they do)(that's right)
In the city of L.A. (city of L.A.)
In the city of good ol' Watts (good ol' Watts)
In the city, the city of Compton (city of Compton)
We keep it rockin! We keep it rockin! (come on, come on, come on)

Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it, shake it baby
Shake it shake it mama
Shake it Cali
Shake it shake it baby (that's right, uh)
Shake it shake it baby baby, shake it shake it mama, shake it Cali

[2Pac]
Out on bail fresh outta jail, California dreaming
Soon as I stepped on the scene, I'm hearing hoochies screamin
Fiendin for money and alcohol
The life of a west side player where cowards die
And its all war
Only in Cali where we riot not rally to live and die
In L.A. we wearing Chucks not Ballies (that's right, uh)
Dressed in Locs and khaki suits and ride is what we do
Flossing but have caution we collide with other crews
Famous cause we program worldwide
Let'em recognize from Long Beach to Rosecrans
Bumping and grinding like a slow jam, it's west side
So you know the row won't bow down to no man
Say what you say
But give me that bomb beat from Dre
Let me serenade the streets of L.A.
From Oakland to Sactown
The Bay Area and back down
Cali is where they put they mack down
Cali-love

[Chorus]
California (California) knows how to party
California, knows how to party (come on baby)
In the city (south-central) of L.A. (L.A.)
In the city of good ol' Watts (uh, that's right)
In the city, the city of Compton (yup, yup)
We keep it rocking! We keep it rocking! (yeah, yeah now make it shake, c'mon)

Shake it shake it baby (uh)
Shake it shake it, shake it baby (yeah)
Shake it shake it mama
Shake it Cali (shake it Cali)
Shake it shake it baby (shake it Cali)
Shake it shake it, shake it shake it mama (west-coast) shake it Cali

[Dre & 2Pac]
Uh, yeah, uh, long beach in the house, uh yeah
Oaktown, Oakland definitely in the house
Frisko, Frisko

[Tupac] 
Hey, you know LA is up in this
Pasadena, where you at
Yeah, Inglewood, Inglewood always up to no good
(Tupac) Even Hollywood trying to get a piece baby
Sacramento, Sacramento where ya at? yeah

Throw it up y'all, throw it up, Throw it up (I can't see ya!)
California Love!
Let's show these fools how we do this on that west side
Cause you and I know it's the best side

Yeah, that's right
West coast, west coast
Uh, California Love
California Love
Yeah

[Chorus]

Just c'mon, shake, shake it baby baby baby
Shake it mama shake it mama shake it mama, rector scale
Talkin' 'bout our earthquake on the rector scale
City of Compton
City of Compton, where the girls shake their booties.
Shake it mama shake it baby shake, shake it baby.
Shake, shake it. Computer

Dribble. 
Dribble